.DISCLAIMER

This music package includes trackermodules made by me ( noby ) from the past few years. This archive is assembled specifically for Kpelit and is not allowed to be spread as it is without a permission. These modules are free to be used in any non-commercial product, be it game or pretty much anything alse, with these conditions:

1. The product must be as said, non-commercial. If you don't know what it means, don't us these files. Any other usage will be interpreted as a violation of these rules.

2. The product in question must not violate any of the laws in Finland.

3. My nickname / handle ( noby ) MUST be included in the creadits of the product, credited as a musician.

4. I ( noby ) have the full right to deny you from using the music on your product if I so see, or change any of these conditions if I so please.

5. You agree to obey these conditions if you use any of the content included in the 'modules' folder in your product(s).


.OTHER DECREES

1. You may NOT alter or change in any way the modules without my permission.

2. You may NOT spread any of the contents of the 'modules' folder without my permission, except when being spread with a game or some other product you have made, for which, consult the usage conditions above.

3. You MAY use and extract the sample data included in the modules, as most of the samples are not made by me.

4. You may NOT use any parts of the pattern data, or copy any parts of the actual song without my ( noby ) permission.

5. If you would like to use these modules in any commercial product, send me e-mail to noby92@luukku.com

6. If you are unsure about any of the conditions listed above, or if you have any other questions, consult me from the e-mail given above.


PS. If you use any of the modules in a product of your's, I am more than happy to hear about your creation. It is not required, but is highly recommended for you to do so! You may send me e-mail in either English or Finnish. The address is noby92@luukku.com